         OFIR  
                             OZERI                   
                +972 -50-362-2203  
                Ofirozr @gmail.com  
                Linkedin.com/in/Ofir -Ozeri  
 
 
OBJECTIVE  
Seeking a qualified Backend Developer position. Holding a B.Sc. in Software Engineering, experienced in the Python and 
Node.js ecosystems. Proven experience in both established global companies and start -ups. Familiar with both monolithic 
and microservices architectures.  Skilled in developing and scaling new products and features, contributing to business 
growth. Effective team member with excellent communication, training, and mentoring capabilities.  
            PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
2023 - Present |  Growthspace  | Senior Backend  Developer  
• Developed backend solutions using Node.js, Sequelize.js, TypeScript, NestJS, and Express.js.  
• Designed and implemented scalable and efficient backend systems.  
• Collaborated closely with other team members to ensure seamless integration and delivery of new features.  
• Optimized existing systems for performance and scalability.  
• Conducted code reviews and provided mentorship to junior developers.  
Tech Stack: Node.js, Docker, Git,  PostgreSQL, MongoDB, VS code, Google Cloud.  
2021 - 2023 |  Stargo | Python Developer  
● Created algorithms to convert unstructured data into structured formats.  
● Introduced new solutions in a dynamic start -up environment to deliver reliable results quickly.  
● Designed and implemented systems from start to finish.  
● Mentored and assisted new employees.  
● Utilized microservices architecture to build large, maintainable systems.  
● Maintained close relations with other divisions to enhance inter -team communication and productivity.  
Tech Stack: Python, Git actions,  MySQL , MongoDB, PyCharm, AWS.  
2018 - 2021 | Intel  | Network Engineer & Lab Intern   
● Handled service requests and resolved issues with high customer satisfaction.  
● Deployed network infrastructure (switches, routers, APs) in various environments.  
● Developed lab software tools in Python.  
● Managed global projects, including planning and task management.  
Tech Stack: Switching, Routing and Wireless operations  (CCNA),  batch, Python, SQLite.  
 
EDUCATION  
  2021 - Present  | The Open University | M.Sc. Computer Science  
 
  2016 - 2020 |  Azrieli College of Engineering  | B.Sc. Software Engineering  
 
MILITARY  
2010 - 2013 |  IDF - Navy  | Classified  
 
LANGUAGES  
● Hebrew - Native Speaker  
● English – Fluent   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 